# Object Tracker
 Objecet Tracking via ByteTrack
 
## Overview
This repository contains the code for a computer vision project aimed at real-time object detection and tracking using YOLOX-S and ByteTrack models. The project is implemented in a Jupyter Notebook (`CV_Project.ipynb`) and is designed to be run on Google Colab.

## Getting Started
To get started with the project, follow these steps:
1. Open the Jupyter Notebook file [`CV_Project.ipynb`](https://colab.research.google.com/drive/15_q-mSWmuFgjbTYi7OPTkssDt5y_ctFM) in Google Colab.
2. Run the notebook cells sequentially to install the necessary dependencies and set up the environment.

## Installation
The project requires several Python packages and dependencies to be installed. These are installed automatically using the following commands:
```bash
!pip install torch==2.0.0+cu117 torchvision==0.15.1+cu117 --index-url https://download.pytorch.org/whl/cu117
!pip install -U openmim
!mim install mmengine
!mim install "mmcv-full"
!mim install "mmdet"
!pip install -q loguru lap thop
!pip install -q cython_bbox
!pip install -q onemetric
!pip install numpy==1.23.1

This project involves setting up an environment for computer vision tasks, specifically object detection and tracking using MMDetection, ByteTrack, and YOLOX-S. The provided Jupyter notebook CV_Project.ipynb is automatically generated by Colab and contains the necessary installation commands and code snippets to get started.

# Google WebCam
The code sets up a Google WebCam interface for capturing video frames. It also initializes the Haar Cascade face detection model.

# Running Camera Tracker
The camera tracker code initializes the YOLOX-S detector and captures frames from the webcam. It then detects objects, filters out humans, and tracks them using the ByteTracker. The tracked persons' bounding boxes are displayed on the video stream along with camera movement instructions.

# Usage
To use this project:

Run the installation commands to set up the environment.
Follow the provided tutorials to install ByteTracker and set up the Google WebCam.
Run the Camera Tracker code to detect and track objects in the video stream.
